>> Zac Gordon: So, like I said,
what localized script was intended to do
originally was take different versions of
a language, or take different
versions of a word, and pass it in.
You can pass it in as Spanish,
you can pass it in as French, and
swap it out dynamically on the frontend.
But what we're gonna do is hack it to pass
in some valuable data that we'll need for
interacting with our WordPress site.
So, just like the other one,
it takes the, well, I'm sorry.
It takes the handle of
the file that we enqued.
So, before if we named our file
when we were enquing it theme/js,
we put theme/js here to
let it know what to load.
The next one is the name of the variable
we want to attach all the values to
in our JavaScript.
So, when we run this,
there's going to be a global variable,
like window dot name for
js will be a variable.
We can just run it in the consult and
get the value.
So, this is a good thing and kind of
a bad thing that's going to be made
publically available or not publically
on page, but you could access it.
It's great for scripts because, if
there's stuff we need to figure out from
WordPress, for example,
if we wanna figure out the name or
the URL of our site, this is dynamic
content that could potentially change.
How do we figure out?
What about the name of it or
the description of our site?
All of these are things that someone
could change on a whim, on the fly, so
these are type of things
that we could pass in.
And this is all page PM not really
going to get into the details of
what this is doing.
But you could take a look at it and guess,
hey, this top one is going to give me some
sort of sanitized version
of the url to my site.
And then the bottom one is going to
give me the name of my site, right.
We could figure out that much.
It's about,
it's much as we need to know about this.
And I'll give you the exact data we
need to pass in at different times, but
this is the other major thing
that we do need to know about.
So between localized script and
wp enqueue scripts That's going to
be where all the magic happens.
Last little bit, like I said
WordPress needs to take these things
that we setup so take our JavaScript file,
poured it into the backend magical
caverns of WordPress and then dump it
out on to the page at the right time.
And the way we do that is by hooking
into WordPress' action and hook system.
So, where we see wp_enqueue_scripts
here under add actions.
This is telling WordPress, hey at this
exact time, when you're about to load
all the scripts onto the page,
whether it's CSS or JavaScript.
Go ahead and run my script too.
So WordPress is chugging along.
It's building out your page.
It has the head stuff.
It's getting close down to the footer now,
and then it's going to see this and
say hey I've got to include.
Glued this in queue script, and
I've got to localize it and
pass it some custom data.
Bless you.
So these few things together
are what we're going to work on
with our first few exercises and
getting comfortable with this stuff